To create a Docker project with multiple interacting containers, you'll need to define each container's configuration 
and then use a tool like Docker Compose to orchestrate their deployment. This involves creating Dockerfiles for each 
service, defining services in a docker-compose.yml file, and then building and running the application using 
Docker Compose. 

Step-by-Step Guide:
Project Setup:
Create a project directory and separate directories for each service (e.g., web_app, database).
In each service directory, create a Dockerfile (without the extension).
Example Dockerfile (for a simple web app): 
Code

        FROM node:18-alpine
        WORKDIR /app
        COPY . .
        RUN npm install
        CMD ["npm", "start"]
Example Dockerfile (for a database). 
Code

        FROM postgres:latest
Define Services in docker-compose.yml:
Create a docker-compose.yml file in the project root directory. 
Define each service using Docker Compose's YAML syntax. 
Example docker-compose.yml: 
Code

        version: "3.8"
        services:
          web_app:
            build: ./web_app
            ports:
              - "8080:8080"
            depends_on:
              - database
          database:
            build: ./database
            ports:
              - "5432:5432"
1. Build and Run:
Open a terminal in the project root directory. 
Run docker-compose build to build the Docker images for each service. 
Run docker-compose up -d to start the containers in detached mode. 
Verify the containers are running using docker-compose ps. 
2. Communication:
Docker Compose automatically creates a network for the containers, allowing them to communicate using their service names. 
The depends_on key in the docker-compose.yml file ensures that the database container starts before the web app. 
Access your application by opening your browser and navigating to the address and port defined for the web app 
(e.g., http://localhost:8080). 
Example:
Let's say you have a simple web application that needs to connect to a PostgreSQL database. You would create a 
Dockerfile for each, define them in your docker-compose.yml, and then build and run the application. The web app 
can then connect to the database using the database's service name (e.g., database in the docker-compose.yml file). 
Key Concepts:
Dockerfiles: Define how to build Docker images for each service.
docker-compose.yml: Orchestrates the deployment of multiple Docker containers.
Network: Docker Compose automatically creates a network for containers to communicate.
depends_on: Ensures that containers start in the correct order.
Port mappings: Expose container ports to the host machine. 
By following these steps, you can create a Docker project with multiple interacting containers and manage them using 
Docker Compose. 